README.md, before:

# Image_Java_Singular

This repository contains `Data_Extraction_M1_Optimized.java`, a Java program for processing SEN12FLOOD-style datasets.

## Usage

1. **Open a terminal in the repository root** (the same folder that contains `Data_Extraction_M1_Optimized.java`).
2. **Compile**:
   ```bash
   javac Data_Extraction_M1_Optimized.java
   ```
3. **Run** by passing the dataset root folder (defaults to the current directory if omitted):
   ```bash
   java Data_Extraction_M1_Optimized /path/to/dataset
   ```

If you prefer to compile from another directory, provide the full path to the source file, for example:
```bash
javac /workspace/Image_Java_Singular/Data_Extraction_M1_Optimized.java
```

### What happens automatically

When you run the program it performs the full pipeline without any extra scripts:

1. Cleans the dataset folder by removing non-TIFF artifacts (except Java/JSON files).
2. Parses `S1list.json` and `S2list.json` labels.
3. Processes all `.tif` / `.tiff` images concurrently.
4. Writes `Images_All.csv`, `Summary_All.csv`, and `Skipped.csv` to the dataset root.
5. Generates `Auto_Probabilities.csv`, a lightweight logistic-style probability table (based only on the extracted features) so no external `SummaryGeneratorLogistic` step is needed.

Commit message:

Allow running without label JSON files

README.md, after:

# Image_Java_Singular

This repository contains `Data_Extraction_M1_Optimized.java`, a Java program for processing SEN12FLOOD-style datasets.

## Usage

1. **Open a terminal in the repository root** (the same folder that contains `Data_Extraction_M1_Optimized.java`).
2. **Compile**:
   ```bash
   javac Data_Extraction_M1_Optimized.java
   ```
3. **Run** by passing the dataset root folder (defaults to the current directory if omitted):
   ```bash
   java Data_Extraction_M1_Optimized /path/to/dataset
   ```

If you prefer to compile from another directory, provide the full path to the source file, for example:
```bash
javac /workspace/Image_Java_Singular/Data_Extraction_M1_Optimized.java
```

### What happens automatically

When you run the program it performs the full pipeline without any extra scripts:

1. Cleans the dataset folder by removing non-TIFF artifacts (except Java/JSON files).
2. Parses `S1list.json` and `S2list.json` labels. If neither file is present, the tool still runs and assumes `flooding=false` for every image so CSVs are produced without manual post-processing.
3. Processes all `.tif` / `.tiff` images concurrently.
4. Writes `Images_All.csv`, `Summary_All.csv`, and `Skipped.csv` to the dataset root.
5. Generates `Auto_Probabilities.csv`, a lightweight logistic-style probability table (based only on the extracted features) so no external `SummaryGeneratorLogistic` step is needed.
